
barackobama
Today is the day. Today, it’s your turn to raise your voice to change the course of this country for the better. So make it count. Get out there and vote. \nGo to IWillVote.com or call 833-336-VOTE to confirm where you can vote, check voting hours, and find out if you need to bring anything with you to vote.
t just fight for existing votes. You had to reach out to all of these people who had lost faith and lost trust, and get them off the sidelines.\n\nSo during our first campaign, when I started seeing all these stories about record turnout in communities all over the country -- from young people in line for hours in Iowa to elderly folks in lawn chairs down in Florida -- I knew that we had shown what is possible when everybody decides to participate. And that, in and of itself, gave people a sense of their own power -- their own agency in the kind of country we want to leave for our kids. When more people get off the sidelines and decide to participate, our country becomes a little more representative of its people -- of everyone's collective decision. And American politics can change as a result.\n\nSo on Election Day this Tuesday, I’m not just asking you to vote. I'm asking you to really show up once again. Talk with your friends, convince some new voters, and get them out to vote because then something powerful happens. Change happens. Hope happens. And with each new step we take in the direction of fairness, and justice, and equality, and opportunity, hope spreads.
ll be voting on. Here's how it works: Enter your address, and you'll learn everything you need to know about who's running to represent you, which measures you have the opportunity to help decide, and more. Now, these ballot initiatives are really important. They allow millions of Americans to make decisions about real, concrete issues in their communities -- things like how hard it is to get an assault weapon, who gets tax breaks and why, how we care for our veterans, and what the requirements ought to be for casting a ballot. (That's right -- this election year, millions of Americans can cast a vote to help more Americans cast a vote.) And when you consider the fact that these initiatives tend to be written in a confusing way to begin with, it makes even more to sense to read up and make an informed decision now.\nHere's the bottom line: The only thing more important than being a voter is being the most informed voter out there. So make sure November 6 isn't the first time you're seeing your ballot. Go to votesaveamerica.com/ballot right now, and let's get this thing done.
t even have to wait until Election Day to cast a ballot. Find out where you can vote before Nov. 6: IWillVote.com
Happy Anniversary, @MichelleObama. For 26 years, you’ve been an extraordinary partner, someone who can always make me laugh, and my favorite person to see the world with.
ll always be one of the rare exceptions to my no-selfies rule.
t come from any one person. The biggest threat to our democracy is indifference. The biggest threat to our democracy is cynicism – a cynicism that’s led too many people to turn away from politics, and to stay home on Election Day.\n\nThe antidote to government by the powerful few is democracy by the organized many.\n\nIf you get involved, and engaged, and knock on some doors, and talk with your friends, and argue with your family members, and change some minds, and vote – then something powerful happens. Change happens. Hope happens. With each new candidate that surprises you with a victory, a spark of hope happens. With each new law that helps a kid read, or a poor family find shelter, or a veteran get the support he or she has earned, hope happens. With each new step we take in the direction of fairness, and justice, and equality, and opportunity, hope spreads.\n\nI believe that can be the legacy of your generation. You can be the generation that stood up and reminded us just how precious democracy is, and just how powerful it can be when we fight for it. I believe you will. Because I believe in you. And I’ll be right there alongside you, every step of the way.
re also strengthening the pipeline of talent right here on the South Side, the community of the future Obama Presidential Center.
America has no royalty. But we do have a chance to earn something more enduring. Born in Memphis and raised in Detroit, Aretha Franklin grew up performing gospel songs in her father’s congregation. For more than six decades since, every time she sang, we were all graced with a glimpse of the divine. Through her compositions and unmatched musicianship, Aretha helped define the American experience. In her voice, we could feel our history, all of it and in every shade—our power and our pain, our darkness and our light, our quest for redemption and our hard-won respect. She helped us feel more connected to each other, more hopeful, more human. And sometimes she helped us just forget about everything else and dance. \nAretha may have passed on to a better place, but the gift of her music remains to inspire us all. May the Queen of Soul rest in eternal peace. Michelle and I send our prayers and warmest sympathies to her family and all those moved by her song.
s example of persistence and hope. They are poised to make this world more peaceful, more prosperous, and more just.
Now this is a pretty cool dad move. Happy Father’s Day to all the great dads out there like Lynell Jinks, who creates beautiful art on his kids’ lunch bags to remind them to be proud of their own gifts.
Over the past few days, the first class of @obamafoundation Fellows gathered to get to know each other and share what they’ve learned from their inspiring work. From Minnesota to Mali, these 20 leaders have dedicated their lives to building a better world. I can’t wait to learn from each of them and watch their impact grow as they work together and with us over the next two years.

realdonaldtrump
\u202aExactly 100 years ago today, on November 11th, 1918, World War I came to an end. We are gathered together, at this hallowed resting place, to pay tribute to the brave Americans who gave their last breath in that mighty struggle...\u202c
#Repost @flotus\n\nToday we remember the brave actions of our troops and those of our allies during WWI. Honored to be spending this day honoring heroes in Paris. #VeteransDay
President Trump attends the American Commemoration Ceremony at Suresnes American Cemetery hosted by the Secretary of the American Battle Monuments Commission: http://45.wh.gov/toefNM
\u202aOn this Veterans Day — the 100th Anniversary of the end of WWI, we honor the brave HEROES who fought for America in the Great War, and every Veteran who has worn the uniform and kept our Nation Safe, Strong and FREE! 45.wh.gov/SNbkPe\u202c
President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump attend the Centennial of the 1918 Armistice Day ceremony Sunday, Nov. 11, 2018, at the Arc de Triomphe in Paris.
These California fires are expanding very, very quickly (in some cases 80-100 acres a minute). If people don’t evacuate quickly, they risk being overtaken by the fire. Please listen to evacuation orders from State and local officials!
More than 4,000 are fighting the Camp and Woolsey Fires in California that have burned over 170,000 acres. Our hearts are with those fighting the fires, the 52,000 who have evacuated, and the families of the 11 who have died. The destruction is catastrophic. God Bless them all.
\u202aHappy 243rd Birthday to the GREAT U.S. Marine Corps! \u202c
This morning, President Trump took action to ensure asylum claims are not a free pass to cross our borders illegally without consequence. Read more: 45.wh.gov/EANJnZ
President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump attend the investiture of Justice Brett Kavanaugh Thursday, Nov. 8, 2018,  during the investiture of Justice Kavanaugh at the Supreme Court of the United States in Washington, D.C.
#Repost @whitehouse\n\n“God bless all of the victims and families of the victims. Thank you to Law Enforcement." — President Donald J. Trump on last night\'s horrific shooting in Thousand Oaks, California
Polling Locations: Vote.GOP
